Add new tutorial - "Anatomy of a CID" (#359)
ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io: src/tutorials/0006/02.md

> By using a cryptographic algorithm to generate the hash, we guarantee that we can identify a file with a single hash.

Author: Sounds good. Will remove this.

> Occassionally, a hashing algorithm may stop being compliant with the previously stated rules, as has already happened with `sha1`. With time, other algorithms may prove to be insufficient for content addressing in IPFS. For this reason, and in order to support multiple cryptographic algorithms, **we need to be able to know which algorithm was used to generate the hash** of specific content.

Reviewer: There were called characteristics earlier, so using the same word here for consistency. Also "stop being compliant" suggests it has a choice in the matter 😂.

```suggestion
Occassionally, a hashing algorithm may be proven to be insecure, meaning it no longer complies with the characteristics that we defined earlier. It has already happened with `sha1`. With time, other algorithms may prove to be insufficient for content addressing in IPFS. For this reason, and in order to support multiple cryptographic algorithms, **we need to be able to know which algorithm was used to generate the hash** of specific content.
```

**support multiple hashing algorithms** rather than relying on a specific one.

Multihashes follow the `TLV` pattern (`type-length-value`). Essentially, the "original hash" is prefixed with a `type` and the `length` of the hash.

![Multihash format](tutorial-assets/T0006L02-multihash.jpg)

 - `type`: identifier of the **cryptographic algorithm** used to generate the hash (e.g. the identifier of `sha2-256` would be `18` - `0x12` in hexadecimal. see the [multicodec table](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec/blob/master/table.csv) for all the identifiers)
 - `length`: the actual **length** of the hash (using `sha2-256` it would be `256`)
 - `value`: the actual **hash value**

To allow representation of a CID as a compact string (instead of plain binary), IPFS uses `base58btc` encoding to get the following:

`QmY7Yh4UquoXHLPFo2XbhXkhBvFoPwmQUSa92pxnxjQuPU`

So with this full specification, the first version of IPFS CIDs was born! This first version is called Version 0 (`CIDv0`), and the initial `Qm...` characters are easily spotted on its CIDs.

However, with time, doubts about whether this format would be sufficient started to arise:

>  - How do we know the encoding of the data?

Reviewer: I think this could do with a little more explanation. I see it is explained further below but there's no mention of encoded data prior to this sentence.

Author: @terichadbourne how do you think we could go about this?

>  - How do we know the encoding of the string representation of the hash? Will we always be using `base58btc`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - How do we know the encoding of the string representation of the CID? Will we always be using `base58btc`?
```
